1- Le 1er texte présente un "graphic designer", alors que le 2e présente un "video editor"; il est peut être nécessaire d'en faire une seule présentation qui joint les 2.

1er:
Highly motivated and creatively-driven graphic designer with over five years of experience in visual communication and design. Proficient in creating compelling and impactful visual assets that resonate with target audiences. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to translate concepts into captivating designs. Strong understanding of design principles, typography, and color theory. Excited to bring my innovative ideas, keen eye for detail, and passion for design to a dynamic and forward-thinking team.

2e:
Energetic and motivated video editor with five years of hands-on experience bringing stories to life through dynamic visual content. Proficient in a wide range of video editing software, I am dedicated to crafting compelling narratives, enhancing visual aesthetics, and delivering impactful videos that resonate with audiences. With a keen eye for detail and a passion for storytelling, I am excited to contribute my expertise to a team that values creativity and innovation.


2- Celui du CV, qui semble plus ancient, est aussi à considérer:
Graphic designer with a few years of experience. I would like to join professional team in order to put my know-how at the service of the company. Dynamic, motivated and passionate about everything related to graphic design, I know the challenges of the position for which I ate applying today. 


3- Textes sous "Graphic Designer & Video Editor", le 1er et le 2e ?
Ceux sous "Facts", "Skills", "Resume", "Sumary", "Education" (pour chaque diplome).

4- Revoir les textes pour l'EXPERIENCE PROFESSIONNELLE, surtout pour les tâches chez TUBELINGO; il faut les présenter sous forme de points, comme cet exemple:
- Lead in the design, development, and implementation of the graphic, layout, and production communication materials
- Delegate tasks to the 7 members of the design team and provide counsel on all aspects of the project.
- Supervise the assessment of all graphic materials in order to ensure quality and accuracy of the design
- Oversee the efficient use of production project budgets ranging from $2,000 - $25,000


5- Est-ce que tu as des choses à mettre sous la section "Services", ou bien on la supprime ?

6- Est-ce que tu as des témoignages (Testimonials) à mettre ou bien on supprimer cette section ?

7- Les nombres ous la section "Facts".

8- Les projects à mettre dans le portfolio.